More precise readme (#69)
cscherrer/MeasureBase.jl: README.md

[![Build Status](https://github.com/cscherrer/MeasureBase.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cscherrer/MeasureBase.jl/actions)
[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/cscherrer/MeasureBase.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/cscherrer/MeasureBase.jl)

> This light-weight package contains core functionality of [MeasureTheory](https://github.com/cscherrer/MeasureTheory.jl), it contains only the basic functionalities needed to define and use measures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This light-weight package contains core functionality of [MeasureTheory](https://github.com/cscherrer/MeasureTheory.jl). Many packages using or defining measures do not need the full capabilities of MeasureTheory.jl itself, and can depend on this instead.
```
